How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing the diff (or FC for windows command prompt) compares line numbers
    on files and shows the line numbers on each file if there is a difference.
    Thus, keeping short lines of code makes it easier to compare lines instead
    of looking through incredibly long lines of code for differences.

    Plus, diff makes it easier to spot differences in code when you have files
    with thousands of lines of code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Anytime you want to use code you haven't used in a long time, looking at
    previous versions will help job your memory. Plus, it makes it easy to try
    variations of code without being worried about losing what you were
    working on.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros for Git: save when you want to, add comments to each save to give 
    description, save at logical points, easy to compare file changes
    Cons for Git: Might forget to save

    Pros for Google docs: saves often, never miss a save
    Cons for Google docs: too many saves, no comments about each save so
    it's hard to keep track of each save, hard to compare two file changes

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Files in Git are connected whereas files in Google Docs usually aren't. You
    won't usually change multiple Google Docs at the same time whereas changing
    multiple files in a game happen pretty often because they rely on each other.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows all the commits made with a file. git diff shows the differences
    between two files (git diff first_file second_file).

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    As long as you have multiple versions, making game breaking changes aren't
    a big deal because you can always revert back to an older commit.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like to create more complex projects and start exploring what I can do
	with them.